Refactoring your Blog site to Bootstrap
Goal:
Pick 5 colours or less for your websites pallet. Refactoring your website to have Bootstrap and add components to complete the goal of making a blog site. The home , About Us, and Contact us webpage should have features that improve your website using compenents like NavBar, Forms, grid, and alerts.

Pick 5 or fewer colours for your website; use the default colours from Bootstrap to make this easier.

Refactor your website with Bootstrap, like colour, text customization, NavBar, and grid system.

The Home page should have a working NavBar to the other web pages, and the main content should contain any random text, images, videos, etc., that look good in the middle with the chosen theme. Ensure that the footer has your teammate's names and fake email contact information. Ensure there is a section left on your website for advertisement and news based on the wireframe design.

The About Us should have a working NavBar to the other web pages, and the main content should contain any random text, images, videos, etc., that look good in the middle with the chosen theme and information about why this website exist. Ensure that the footer has your teammate's names and fake email contact information. Ensure there is a section left on your website for advertisement and news based on the wireframe design.

The Contact us should have a working NavBar to the other web pages, and the main content should contains a form component with an email & message fields, and when a button is clicked, an alert should be displayed to the user live that the email was sent with a dismiss button available for them. Ensure that the footer has your teammate's names and fake email contact information. Ensure there is a section left on your website for advertisement and news based on the wireframe design.

Rules:

Have a team to work on this project
Have 5 or less colors for your website
This is not a hard set rule, but having more than 5 colours can make it more challenging.
Must use HTML
Must use CSS
Must use bootstrap
Must use an IDE like Replit
Must use Github with the last repository from your "Make a blog site" activity
Must have 3 pages linked together. A home page, an about me page, and a contact me page
Ensure these linked pages are refactored for Bootstraps Navbar component
Refactor sections of your website withBootstrap
Must have a form component from Bootstrap with email and textarea fields with a linked button.
Must use only 1 CSS style page to style each of your blog pages
Follow your instructors given a time limit for this activity.
Follow the given website template
Wireframe from Figma
If the link does not work, check out the folder called Wireframe-Backup
Tasks
Task 1: Install bootstrap with a CDN link
Go to bootstrap.com Bootstrap
Scroll down and copy the links from "Include via CDN"
Install those links to your Replit
Install the link tag in your header tag
Install your script tag below your body tag
Task 2: Pick colours for your website
Talk as a group and decide on colours for your website.
Search online for a colour generator if your team is stuck on a pallet
Pick 5 colours or less
Task 3: Refactor the Website (This means all webpages)
Refactor your current colours and use Bootstrap’s colours instead.
Refactor your current text using Bootstrap for formatting and fonts.
Refactor your NavBar with Bootstrap's Navbar instead
Refactor your current grid system to make it Bootstrap's instead.
Reference your wireframe to ensure your grid and content layers are correct.
Task 4: The Home page
Reference your wireframe for the "Home page"
Add random text, images, videos, etc., to your content section.
Ensure the left & right sides of your website has a col available for future use.
The left side should be empty for a future update for adding advertisers
The right side should be empty for a future update for adding news articles for your website.
Task 5: The About Us page
Reference your wireframe for the "About Us"
Add text, images, videos, etc., to your content section.
Ensure the "About Us" page has content that is related to your team and why this project exists
Ensure the left & right sides of your website has a col available for future use.
The left side should be empty for a future update for adding advertisers
The right side should be empty for a future update for adding news articles to your website
Task 6: The Contact Us page
Reference your wireframe for the "Contact Us"
Add a Form component from Bootstrap with an Email and textarea.
Ensure a button is connected to the email and text area.
When a user clicks the button, a live alert message is displayed that says "Message sent" with a dismiss option.
Task 7: Polishing the website
Test your website to ensure there are no obvious bugs
Make design choices to improve your website
Ensure your website follows the wireframe